# Alx - Low Level Programming
A low-level programming language is a programming language that provides little or no abstraction form a computer's commands or functions in the language map that are structurally similar to prcessor's instructions. It is also refers to as machine code or assembler language.

## 0x00.c - Hello, World
* concept: C programming
* gcc
* printf (3)
* puts
* putchar

## Tasks:

### 0. _putchar
* A prgram that prints "_putchar", followed by a new line

### 1. The Alphabets
* A program that prints alphabets in lowercase, followed by a new line

### 2. 10 x alphabet
* A function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lower case followed by a new line.

### 3. islower
* A function that checks for lowercase character.

### 4. isalpha
* A function that checks for alphabetic character

### 5. Sign
* A function that prints the sign of a number.

### 6. Absolute
* A function that computes the absolute value of an integer

### 7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important
* A function that prints the last digit of a number

### 8. I'm a federal agent Jack Bauer, and tody is the longest day of my life
* A function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00: 00 to 23:59.

### 9. Learn your times table
* A function that prints the 9 times table, sarting with 0.

### 10. a+b
* A function that adds two integers and returns the result

### 11. 98 Battery Street, the OG
* A function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
* Numbers are separated by comma, followed by a space
* Numbers are being printed in order
* First printed number is passed to the function
* The last printednumber is 98

### 12. Times Table
* A function that prints the n times table, starting with 0

### 13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
* A program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024, followed by a new line

### 14. First 50 fibonacci
* A function that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
* Numbers are seperated by comma, followed by a space

### 13. Even Liber Abbaci
* Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

### 14. A program that prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line
* The numbers should be separated by comma, followed by a space ,
You are allowed to use the standard library
You are not allowed to use any other library (You can’t use GMP etc…)
You are not allowed to use long long, malloc, pointers, arrays/tables, or structures
You are not allowed to hard code any Fibonacci number (except for 1 and 2)
